Get mommy you are so cool
Mr. Gu
Can I give you a little suggestion?
Ah, let's get straight to the point
It's just that you don't always work hard to pretend to be a big president
This house has nothing to do, clean up
Such a dirty environment is not good for children's health
Look at you happy
I didn't say yes.
But I heard your heart
Would you like to be with me?
i
This life
I will protect you
Gu Zhengting
We can't
Doudou sorry
I can't be your mother anymore
Mommy, I want to see Mommy, Mommy
Anybody here?
Ah call brother
Why are you lecturing
Don't think you gave birth to a child for me
You can threaten me
I don't have Zheng Jie.
You let him go
Although you don't like Jiang Xue
But he is the mother of the child after all
As a man, you have to take responsibility
I've made up my mind.
Then let you two get married today